1. C - is a procedural language, not object oriented. This differ it from C#. C is language from low level
and programmers have more control over the memory. This makes programs write on C quicker. Core of Linux 
based operating systems is write on C. It was develop in period 1969 – 1973 from Dennis Ritchie.

2. C++ - is an object oriented language. It was develop in 1979 from Bjarne Stroustrup. C++ is an extension
of C and include some new functionality like objects and classes, inheritance, virtual functions, 
polymorphism, operators overloading, templates. C++ is used for writing desktop applications.

3. Java - is an object oriented language. It was develop in 1995 from James Gosling and Sun Microsystems. 
It is intended to let application developers "write once, run anywhere" meaning that code that runs on one 
platform does not need to be recompiled to run on another.Java applications are typically compiled to
bytecode that can run on any Java virtual machine regardless of computer architecture. Main disadvantage 
is the need of more resources(cpu and memory) for run virtual machine. This make Java slower language. 
Java is widely use in mobile operating systems like Android and also for desktop application which must to
work in different hardware and software platforms.

4. C# - is an object oriented language. It was develop in 2001 from Microsoft Corporation like part of 
software platform .NET. It is develop on the same conceptions like Java and virtual machine. One of biggest
advantages is build in automatic memory control that makes programs more secure and increase performance
of the developers. C# programs are files with extension .cs witch exist definition of classes and methods.
These files have to be compiled from compiler to executable files call assemblies with extension .exe or dll.
C# is use for writing Windows desktop applications and mobile applications for Windows Phone OS.

5. JavaScript - is a object oriented language. It was designed from Brendan Eich and develop from Netscape 
Communications Corporation in 1995. It is most commonly used as part of web browsers, whose implementations 
allow client-side scripts to interact with the user, control the browser, communicate asynchronously, and 
alter the document content that is displayed. It is also used in server-side network programming with 
runtime environments such as Node.js, game development and the creation of desktop and mobile applications.